i don't want to be like them
locked in a prison they forgot that
they're in
what person
so fred fitzell where do you see
yourself in five years
[Music]
fred
do you remember cindy cindy from high
school she hasn't even crossed my mind
in 15 years
i do remember cindy williams she just
vanished
that was when that awful drug went round
the school
i'll tell you what i do remember first
time you tried merc
what does it do to you
sit back enjoy the show
i think i've had some kind of flashback
it's just one night we were homework
can't shake and feel like something bad
happened to her
we got to go back we got to try to
remember what happened to her last night
[Music]
whatever you do just don't take it it's
not what we think it is
what's gonna happen to me
there's so much to explore if you don't
succumb to pleasure fear
i'm here right now
[Applause]
[Music]
hey
you